Young master, you're awake.
Who are you?
Master, have you forgotten?
We are your helpers.
The maid.
After I was hit by a car.
Back to life on the great young family of Qin, the real estate boss.
That famous idiot?
Master, let us come and change your clothes.
The maids were all so beautiful.
This is the life of the rich.
Ah.
Are you blind?
You broke the crystal milk bottle that the young master liked the most.
This is not a past life that forced me to stand at the last station.
Finally, the woman who was killed by the car calmed down.
Now my personal secretary.
Sir, I'm sorry.
Slow down.
Hello, sir.
He broke your favorite crystal milk bottle.
I know.
I have to punish him myself.
Hey, hey.
Love, don't you think?
In your previous life you were high above me in contempt.
They even forced me to die.
Let's see how I handle you.
You broke my beloved milk bottle.
Even though I will punish myself.
Come back and give me your ass.
Hey, hey.